[Metrics SDK] Allow changing aggregation type for all instruments instead of always using defaults (#7557)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry/CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: New entries at the end of the section.

## Unreleased

* Added `AggregationKind` support to `MetricStreamConfiguration`, allowing a
  View to configure the Aggregation used where the instrument/aggregation
  pairing is compatible.

>   ([#2618](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/issues/2618))
> 
> * Added `MetricPoint.TryGetHistogramSum(out double sum)`. `Histogram.Sum` is
>   now suppressed for streams aggregating a non-monotonic instrument
>   (`UpDownCounter`) as a Histogram, matching the `record_sum`/`noSum` behavior
>   in the Go and Rust SDKs and the OTLP `sum` field's `optional` semantics.
>   ([#2618](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/issues/2618))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ([#7557](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7557))

* Added `MetricPoint.TryGetHistogramSum(out double sum)`. `Histogram.Sum` is
  now suppressed for streams aggregating a non-monotonic instrument
  (`UpDownCounter`) as a Histogram, matching the `record_sum`/`noSum` behavior
  in the Go and Rust SDKs and the OTLP `sum` field's `optional` semantics.
  ([#7557](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7557))
```
